vim.host.PlugStoreTopology
==========================
inherits from [vmodl.DynamicData](docs/vmodl.DynamicData.md)
as of [vSphere API 4.0](vim.version.md#vim.version.version5)


This data object represents the plug-store topology on a host   system.  Through this data object, the storage structure of a system   that utilizes the plug-store architecture can be presented.   <p>   The object entity-relationship diagram is modeled below:    <pre>                 0..N             0..N      0..N      Plugin ----->  Device  ------>  Path  <------  Adapter                             <------   |    ------>                             0,1       |          1                                       |                                       | 0,1                                      \|/                                     Target    </pre>    Description and reasoning behind the relationships:   <p>   When a storage device driver is loaded, it claims a PCI device as a   host bus adapter.  This host bus adapter is represented as an Adapter.   The PCI device identifier is a property on the HostBusAdapter in the   Adapter.   <p>   Once the host bus adapter is on the system, the hardware bus is scanned.   If a storage Device is found on the bus, the communication path to the   Device from the the host bus adapter is represented by a Path.  A Device   may have more than one Path.  How those Paths are composed to create a   Device is determined by a storage Plugin.   <p>   When a storage Plugin is loaded, it claims a set of Paths.  It groups these   Paths into a set of Devices.  Devices are hence associated with a set of   Paths that might be used to provide a single logical device such as in the   case of multipathing.  Devices may be also composed of zero Paths meaning   that they do not directly use a host bus adapter for communication with   underlying storage.   <p>   The purpose of this data object is to represent the topology of storage   as seen by the base plug-store system.  There is some overlap   with information in other objects such as ScsiTopology which is only   applicable when a particular "native multipathing" plugin is used.  This   data object provides the complete inventory of Devices and Paths.  Hence   it provides a superset of Device mappings over data object such as   ScsiTopology and Multipa   <p>   The use cases that this data object accommodates includes the following   non-exhaustive list:    <ul>   <li>Enumerate paths on a host bus adapter.</li>   <li>Enumerate paths on a storage device.</li>   <li>Conveniently access the devices a host bus adapter is       associated with by traversing the path.</li>   <li>Determine which plugin a device belongs.</li>   <li>Determine which paths are claimed by a plugin by       accumulating the paths of all device of the plugin.</li>   <li>Determine which plugin a path belongs to by accessing its       device and finding that device in the Plugin list.</li>   </ul>

| property | type | optional | priv | desc |
|:---------|:-----|:---------|:-----|:-----|
| adapter | [vim.host.PlugStoreTopology.Adapter](vim.host.PlugStoreTopology.Adapter.md "vim.host.PlugStoreTopology.Adapter") | true | None | List of host bus adapters in the plug store inventory. |
| path | [vim.host.PlugStoreTopology.Path](vim.host.PlugStoreTopology.Path.md "vim.host.PlugStoreTopology.Path") | true | None | List of paths in the plug store inventory. |
| target | [vim.host.PlugStoreTopology.Target](vim.host.PlugStoreTopology.Target.md "vim.host.PlugStoreTopology.Target") | true | None | Partial list of targets as seen by the host.  The list of targets   may not be exhaustive on the host. |
| device | [vim.host.PlugStoreTopology.Device](vim.host.PlugStoreTopology.Device.md "vim.host.PlugStoreTopology.Device") | true | None | List of devices in the plug store inventory. |
| plugin | [vim.host.PlugStoreTopology.Plugin](vim.host.PlugStoreTopology.Plugin.md "vim.host.PlugStoreTopology.Plugin") | true | None | List of plugins in the plug store inventory. |


