vim.host.CpuIdInfo
==================
inherits from [vmodl.DynamicData](docs/vmodl.DynamicData.md)


The CpuIdInfo data object type is used to represent the CPU features of     a particular host or product, or to specify what the CPU feature    requirements are for a particular virtual machine or guest operating    system.    <p>    For each register (eax,ebx,ecx,edx), the string is a bit mask of the form:    <pre>        ????:????:????:????:????:????:????:????    </pre>     <p>    When used to represent the features of a specific processor package    (<a href="vim.host.HardwareInfo.md#cpuPkg">cpuPkg</a>), the features common to all    processors on a host (<a href="vim.host.HardwareInfo.md#cpuFeature">cpuFeature</a>), or the    features supported by a virtualization platform    (<a href="vim.host.Capability.md#supportedCpuFeature">supportedCpuFeature</a>), each bit is either '0'    or '1', or '-' for unknown/unspecified. In these feature vectors, the    vendor field is never set.    <p>    Optional values in these feature vectors default to    '----:----:----:----:----:----:----:----'.    <p>    When specifying the required feature set for a virtual machine or a guest    operating system, the bits can take on the values as described below, and    the vendor field may be set. The total feature requirements for a virtual    machine are composed by using any requirements listed in the virtual    machine's configuration to override the requirements listed in the    descriptor for the virtual machine's guest OS.    <p>    Bits used for specifying requirements:    <ul>    <li><b>x</b>: Unused by guest software.    <li><b>T</b>: Feature that the guest software requires to be enabled.    <li><b>F</b>: Feature that the guest software requires to be disabled.    <li><b>1</b>: Feature will be reported as enabled if queried by the guest                  software.    <li><b>0</b>: Feature will be reported as disabled if queried by the guest                  software.    <li><b>R</b>: Feature will be reported as disabled if queried by the guest                  software; however, for VMotion the actual value of this                  feature is required to be the same on both hosts.    <li><b>H</b>: Used by guest software. For VMotion the value of this                  feature is required to be the same on both hosts.    <li><b>-</b>: This bit type is only used in the requirements stored in                  the virtual machine's configuration. It indicates that, for                  this bit position, the requirement from the guest OS                  descriptor should be used instead.    </ul>    The values 'F' and '1' are rarely used but included for completeness. The    '0' and '1' values do not promise a faithful virtualization of these    features; whether the features work when forced to 0 or 1 is highly    dependent on the guest software.    <p>    Optional values in the requirements from the virtual machine's    configuration default to '----:----:----:----:----:----:----:----'.    Optional values in the requirements from the guest OS descriptor default    to 'xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx'.    <p>    Once the feature requirements for a virtual machine have been composed    from the virtual machine's configuration and guest OS descriptor, the bit    types above are used to identify whether or not the virtual machine    can be powered on or be migrated with VMotion to a particular host.    The rules are as follows:    <ul>    <li><b>Power-on</b>: Requirements marked as 'T' or 'F' must match bits    '1' or '0', respectively, in the features advertised by the HardwareInfo    of the power-on host.    <li><b>VMotion</b>: Requirements marked as 'T' or 'F' must match bits    '1' or '0', respectively, in the features advertised by the HardwareInfo    of the destination host. Also, at the positions where requirements are    marked 'H' or 'R', the advertised value of that feature for the source    host must match that of the destination host.    </ul>

| property | type | optional | priv | desc |
|:---------|:-----|:---------|:-----|:-----|
| level | int | None | None | Level (EAX input to CPUID). |
| vendor | string | true | None | Used if this mask is for a particular vendor. |
| eax | string | true | None | String representing the required EAX bits. |
| ebx | string | true | None | String representing the required EBX bits. |
| ecx | string | true | None | String representing the required ECX bits. |
| edx | string | true | None | String representing the required EDX bits. |


