vim.cluster.RuleInfo
====================
inherits from [vmodl.DynamicData](docs/vmodl.DynamicData.md)


The <a href="vim.cluster.RuleInfo.md">ClusterRuleInfo</a> data object is the base type for affinity  and anti-affinity rules. The affinity and anti-affinity rules  are DRS (Distributed Resource Scheduling) rules that affect the placement  of virtual machines in a cluster. Hosts and virtual machines referenced  in a DRS rule must be in the same cluster.  <p>  Note: DRS rules are different than an individual host's CPU affinity rules  (<a href="vim.vm.AffinityInfo.md">VirtualMachineAffinityInfo</a>).  <p>  The Server uses DRS rule objects to describe the current rule configuration  (<a href="vim.cluster.ConfigInfoEx.md">ClusterConfigInfoEx</a>.<a href="vim.cluster.ConfigInfoEx.md#rule">rule</a>).  Your client application uses rule objects to configure the affinity and  anti-affinity rules  (<a href="vim.cluster.ConfigSpecEx.md">ClusterConfigSpecEx</a>.<a href="vim.cluster.ConfigSpecEx.md#rulesSpec">rulesSpec</a>).  <p>  You can create the following types of rules:  <ul>  <li>An affinity rule defines a set of virtual machines that should run  on the same host.  The <a href="vim.cluster.AffinityRuleSpec.md">ClusterAffinityRuleSpec</a> object describes a rule that  identifies virtual machines, but does not identify any specific host.</li>  <li>An anti-affinity rule defines a set of virtual machines that should run  on different hosts.  The <a href="vim.cluster.AntiAffinityRuleSpec.md">ClusterAntiAffinityRuleSpec</a> object describes a rule that  identifies virtual machines, but does not identify any specific host.</li>  <li>A VM-Host rule defines affinity and anti-affinity relationships between  virtual machines and hosts.  The <a href="vim.cluster.VmHostRuleInfo.md">ClusterVmHostRuleInfo</a> object describes a rule that identifies  a virtual machine group (<a href="vim.cluster.VmGroup.md">ClusterVmGroup</a>) and affinity and  anti-affinity host groups (<a href="vim.cluster.HostGroup.md">ClusterHostGroup</a>).</li>  </ul>  <p>  Rule configuration is a dynamic process. When you create or modify a DRS rule,  the Server applies the rule to the cluster. If the existing cluster configuration  violates the rule, the Server attempts to correct the situation. If that is not  possible, the Server generates a fault and produces a log event.  DRS rules do not have precedence; all rules are applied equally.  DRS does not validate one rule against another. If you create conflicting  rules, the older rule takes precedence and DRS disables the newer rule.  <p>  Improperly used, DRS rules can fragment the cluster and inhibit the proper  functioning of DRS, HA, and DPM services. vSphere services never  take any actions that would result in the violation of mandatory DRS rules.  An operation that violates a mandatory rule would produce the following  consequences.  <ul>    <li>DRS does not evacuate virtual machines to place a host in maintenance        mode.</li>    <li>DRS does not place virtual machines for power-on or load balance virtual        machines.</li>    <li>HA does not perform failovers.</li>    <li>DPM does not optimize power management by placing hosts into standby        mode.</li>    </ul>  <p>  To avoid these situations, exercise caution when creating more than one  mandatory rule, or consider using only optional rules. Make sure that  the number of hosts with which a virtual machine is related by affinity rule  is large enough that losing a host does not prevent the virtual machine  from running.  <p>  For manual and partially automated DRS clusters, the Server produces migration  recommendations to satisfy the DRS rules. You are not required to act on the  recommendations, but the Server maintains the recommendations until the rules  are satisfied.

| property | type | optional | priv | desc |
|:---------|:-----|:---------|:-----|:-----|
| key | int | true | None | Unique ID for rules. When adding a new rule, do not specify this property.   The Server will assign the key. |
| status | [vim.ManagedEntity.Status](vim.ManagedEntity.Status.md "vim.ManagedEntity.Status") | true | None | Flag to indicate whether or not the rule is currently satisfied. |
| enabled | bool | true | None | Flag to indicate whether or not the rule is enabled. Set this property  when you configure the rule. The default value is false (disabled).  If there is a rule conflict, the Server can override the setting to disable  a rule. |
| name | string | true | None | Name of the rule. |
| mandatory | bool | true | None | Flag to indicate whether compliance with this rule is mandatory or optional.  The default value is false (optional).  <ul>  <li>A mandatory rule will prevent a virtual machine from being powered on  or migrated to a host that does not satisfy the rule.  <li>An optional rule specifies a preference. DRS takes an optional rule  into consideration when it places a virtual machine in the cluster.  DRS will act on an optional rule as long as it does not impact  the ability of the host to satisfy current CPU or memory requirements  for virtual machines on the system. (As long as the operation does not  cause any host to be more than 100% utilized.)  </ul> |
| userCreated | bool | true | None | Flag to indicate whether the rule is created by the user or the system. |
| inCompliance | bool | true | None | Flag to indicate whether or not the placement of Virtual Machines is currently  in compliance with this rule. The Server does not currently use this property. |


